{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs20
Select the name of the local instances to create AdventureWorks databases on from the dropdown list provided. If you selected the OLAP databases to be created, select an Analysis Services instance from the drop down list provided. \par \par 
Creating the AdventureWorks databases will take a few minutes after the files are copied. This may be as much as 10 to 20 minutes on older workstations, depending on your hard disk performance characteristics and the features you selected. \par \par 
If you elected to have OLAP databases automatically created, the service account for the selected SQL Server engine instance will be granted db_datareader privileges on the appropriate data warehouse databases to facilitate processing of the cubes. \par \par 
\b Warning: Both FILESTREAM and Full-Text Search must be installed and enabled for the AdventureWorks2008 OLTP database to be created successfully.\b0 \par \par 
The AdventureWorks databases can be automatically created \b ONLY \b0 on a local instance of Microsoft\'99 SQL Server\'99 2008, and both Full-Text Search and FILESTREAM must be installed and enabled for AdventureWorks2008. \par \par 
If required, the selected instance will have FILESTREAM automatically enabled, and the selected instance will be restarted as necessary. \par \par 
If you choose to have the AdventureWorks databases created automatically (as determined by the selected features of this installer package), the data files for the AdventureWorks databases will be created in the same directory as the data file (MDF) for the \b master \b0 database.\par \par 
The AdventureWorks databases can be created on another server by copying the T-SQL scripts and CSV files to that server, editing the T-SQL scripts as needed to provide appropriate path information for the CSV data files and executing T-SQL scripts on that server with SQL Server Management Studio or SQLCMD.\par \par 
For more information visit: \cf1\ul http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=87843\cf0\ulnone \par 
\f1\par }
